Support an eventual phase for the blueprint actions (#1297)
kanisterio/kanister: docs/architecture.rst

  to the ``BlueprintAction``.
- ``Phases`` is a required list of ``BlueprintPhases``. These phases are invoked
  in order when executing this Action.

> - ``DeferPhase`` is an optional ``BlueprintPhase`` that you want to invoke at
>   the end of the actions. ``DeferPhase`` can easily be used to do some
>   cleanup operations after the actual operation's phases/steps. Since
>   ``DeferPhase`` is used to cleanup the resources it will run even if the
>   actions' main phases are failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``DeferPhase`` is an optional ``BlueprintPhase`` invoked after the
  execution of ``Phases`` defined above. A ``DeferPhase``, when defined,
  is executed regardless of the statuses of the ``Phases``.
  A ``DeferPhase`` can be used for cleanup operations at the end of an ``Action``.
```
